.\" Sorry for my English 
.\" --Dmitry Yu Okunev <dyokunev@ut.mephi.ru> 0x8E30679C
.\"
.TH CLSYNC 1 "JUNE 2014" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lrsync \- rsync\-like clsync\-wrapper for live syncing
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lrsync [ lrsync, clsync and rsync options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lrsync
executes
.BR clsync "(1)"
with appropriate arguments.

.B lrsync
executes "clsync \-\-help" to find out long options of clsync
and passes such options to it. If option is not for clsync it passes
it to rsync via
.I sync\-handler\-arguments
of clsync [see 
.BR clsync "(1)]."

The
.B clsync
is executing using the next template:
.RS
.I path\-to\-clsync
\-Klrsync \-Mrsyncdirect \-S
.I path\-to\-rsync
\-W
.I source\-directory
\-D
.I destination\-directory
\-L
.I lists\-dir\-path
.I clsync\-arguments
\-\- %RSYNC\-ARGS%
.I rsync\-arguments
.RE

Substitutions:
.RS
.B path\-to\-clsync
.RS
Equals to ENV "CLSYNC_PATH" if it is set. Otherwise it equals to "clsync".
.RE
.B path\-to\-rsync
.RS
Equals to ENV "RSYNC_PATH" if it is set. Otherwise it equals to "rsync".
.RE
.B source\-directory
.RS
The first non\-option lrsync argument.
.RE
.B destination\-directory
.RS
The second non\-option lrsync argument.
.RE
.B lists\-dir\-path
.RS
Equals to ENV "CLSYNC_LISTS_PATH" if it is set. Otherwise it equals to
"/tmp/.lrsync".
.RE
.B clsync\-arguments
.RS
Equals to parsed clsync long options from the lrsync arguments.
.RE
.B rsync\-arguments
.RS
The rest part of lrsync arguments.
.RE
.RE

.SH OPTIONS

Too see
.B rsync
options use "man 1 rsync".

Too see
.B clsync
options use "man 1 clsync".

.B "lrsync options:"
.RS
.B \-\-help
.RS
Prints options lists of lrsync, clsync and rsync.
.RE
.B \-\-version
.RS
Prints version of lrsync, clsync and rsync.
.RE
.B \-\-clsync\-command\-only
.RS
Prints the clsync command to be runned but doesn't run it.
.RE
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Dmitry Yu Okunev <dyokunev@ut.mephi.ru> 0x8E30679C

.SH SUPPORT
You can get support on official IRC-channel of clsync in Freenode "#clsync"
or on github's issue tracking system of repository
"https://github.com/xaionaro/lrsync".

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR clsync "(1),"
.BR rsync "(1),"
.BR inotify "(7)"
